In this assessment, you will use will be tested on your knowledge of javascript
concepts from Section 3 of the video lectures. Answer them in YOUR OWN WORDS.
Fill free to provide examples to help illustrate your train of thought.

1. Javascript is a dynamically typed language. What does this mean?
it means that in JavaScript, variables can hold different types of values which the JavaScript figures out during execution.

2. What is a primitive type? Explain each primitive type.
A primitive type is a type of data that represents a single value. It is not an object, and has no methods.
-Undefined: This implies a value hasn't been set to a variable. It is automatically set by the Javascript engine until the variable is set to a value.
-Null: This also represents a lack of existence and clearly shows that a variable should have no value.
-Boolean: This is a unique Javascript primitive type which can only take either of two values (ie) true or false
-Number: This is a numeric type in Javascript. In JavaScript, it can be written with or without a decimal point. A number can also be +infinity, -infinity, and Nan(not a number).
- String: Strings are used for storing texts and must be inside of either single or double quotes.
-Symbol: A symbol is a unique and immutable primitive value and may be used as an object property.

3. What are operators and operands?
Operators are special functions or symbols which are used to manipulate and check operand values while operands are numerical, text and boolean values that a program can manipulate and use as logical guidelines for making decisions.

4. In what order does operators get called?
The order in which operators are called depends on its precedence and associativity.

5. What does it mean when a value is coerced?
It means converting a value from one type to another.

6. What is the difference between '==' and '==='?
== is an abstract equality comparison which performs a type conversion when comparing two things while === is a strict equality comparison which doesn't perform a type conversion when comparing two things.
